Direct URL for triggering a pipeline with SKIP_DOCKER=false. (#12342)
coq/coq: dev/ci/README-developers.md

This means you will need to change its value when the Docker image
needs to be updated. You can do so for a single pipeline by starting

> it through the web interface. Here is a direct link that you can use
> to trigger such a build:
> `https://gitlab.com/coq/coq/pipelines/new?var[SKIP_DOCKER]=false&ref=pr-XXXXX`.
> Note that this link will give a 404 error if you are not logged in or
> a member of the Coq organization on GitLab.  To request to join the
> Coq organization, go to https://gitlab.com/coq to request access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it through the web interface. You can do so for a single pipeline by manually
starting a job using the green "Run pipeline" button on the
[web interface](https://gitlab.com/coq/coq/pipelines) with the
`SKIP_DOCKER` environment variable set to `false`.

Or, alternatively, use this direct link to trigger such a build:
`https://gitlab.com/coq/coq/pipelines/new?var[SKIP_DOCKER]=false&ref=pr-XXXXX`.
Note that this link will give a 404 error if you are not logged in or
a member of the Coq organization on GitLab.  To request to join the
Coq organization, go to https://gitlab.com/coq to request access.
```

This means you will need to change its value when the Docker image
needs to be updated. You can do so for a single pipeline by starting
it through the web interface. Here is a direct link that you can use
to trigger such a build:

> `https://gitlab.com/coq/coq/pipelines/new?var[SKIP_DOCKER]=false&ref=pr-XXXXX`

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a note that you'll get a 404 page if unauthenticated.

Author: Good point, will do.
